[Music]
hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be sharing
another morning routine with you
[Music]
i like to stay in bed for a little bit
and read it's so so cold when i wake up
and
so it's nice to be able to stay in bed
for a little bit longer
at the moment i'm reading the his dark
materials series by
philip pullman which i had never read
before and i can't believe i hadn't
[Music]
next i will go and open the curtains and
most importantly open the window even
though it is freezing in my bedroom
i do like to get some fresh air in the
[Music]
morning
i put on my lovely bunny slippers these
are like seven or eight years old
i love them so much
and i put on my headphones to listen to
christmas classical music
this is a really nice way to start the
day it wakes me up and it's also very
calming
i make my bed put on some of this
glossier lip balm and also like the
christmas lights in my bedroom
next i will brush my hair i never used
to brush my hair this soon after waking
up
but it's been getting very long and it's
quite nice just to kind of
put some hair clips in to get it off my
face
then i will fill in my dressing gown
because as i said it is quite cold
[Music]
whilst i'm brushing my teeth i've
actually started doing a mini crossword
i find that this is a really great way
to get my brain working in the morning
and
it just helps me start thinking and
wakes me up a little bit more
um so i usually do one or two of the
mini crosswords
i don't do a main one because they are a
little bit more time consuming than the
three minutes i've been brushing my
teeth
and then i would just rinse my face with
cold water
[Music]
next i will put on some makeup
i will go downstairs as you can see i am
not dressed yet this is very unusual for
me because usually i will get dressed as
soon as i get up
and i open up my advent calendar my mum
has been filling my advent calendar this
year and every single day i have a new
tea bag
today's was sleep tight from t2 and so
i'm not going to have it this morning
[Music]
next i will unstack the dishwasher since
i'm usually the first person up
i unstack the dishwasher in the morning
[Music]
and i will also have one of these cups
of water
just to again rehydrate my body i am
usually really thirsty in the mornings
[Music]
next breakfast my favorite meal of the
day
i have been having cereal bowls a lot
recently
[Music]
the rest of the banana i just tear it up
and put it in the freezer so i can use
it for nice creams and smoothies
[Music]
i always have peanut butter with
breakfast manny life is my favorite
thing at the moment
and i always have to have a spoonful of
manny life before eating breakfast
just because it's so tasty
whilst eating breakfast i tend to listen
to an audiobook
[Music]
and next i will go outside whenever it's
frosty i
like to go outside for a little bit
because it's just so so beautiful
outside
i love winter with all of my heart and
i definitely don't want to regret not
making the most of it
so even though i'm working for most of
the days and i've got lots of studying
at the moment
i really want to make the most of the
beautiful beautiful scenery
and nature and feeling grateful for
nature
it's also been so misty here at the
moment mist is actually one of my very
favorite weathers
i mean how magical and beautiful does
that look
[Music]
oh
chicken
so
[Music]
next i will just read a chapter or two
of the non-fiction book i'm reading at
the moment
recently i've been reading political
memoirs so at the moment i'm reading the
what happened memoirs by
hillary clinton
[Music]
next it's time to get dressed i even
though i'm staying at home and i'm not
leaving for any reason
i still like to wear something kind of
nice so today i'm wearing
this uh pink blouse i got from a charity
shop with a pink cardigan
and this gut from miss patina
[Music]
next it's time to head to my desk and
get started with work for the day
the first thing i do is plan my day
everything i need to get done today
i am a big planner i use my academic
planner
the one i designed and sold on pumpkin
[Music]
productivity
so the first thing i will do is an easy
task i will find something easy on my
to-do list which is academic
and get that done first just so i'm on a
bit of a role and then i move on to
doing
harder tasks i will do my hardest task
next just to get it out of the way and
i find that if i do it in this order i
tend to be more productive the rest of
the day
[Music]
it's very very early days of me doing
this so i almost feel bad
pointing it out because i've only been
doing it for like four days
but something new which i have
incorporated into my morning routine and
i really hope i stick to you
is in the late morning reading
three to like 10 sections of the bible
so i read this on kindle and i have
always wanted to read the bible
front to back because it's such an
influential text in literature
and so often you have these references
to the bible and
i pick up on a few of them i am familiar
with quite a few biblical stories but
i want to be more familiar with them and
so
every morning i'm going through a few
sections of the bible
starting from genesis working my way
through and doing
theological research as things come up
[Music]
after that it's time for ceremonial tea
that's what i like to call it
i go and get myself a teapot i will make
myself a nice loose leaf tea
this is a really special mid-morning
ritual that i
like
[Music]
and whilst i'm drinking my tea i will
sometimes write a letter today i was
writing a letter i don't always have the
time to write a letter at this time in
the morning because
i might have lots of studying to do but
if i do have the time i like to write a
letter in the morning
today i was writing one to my friend
anna
anyway thank you so much for watching
this morning routine i hope you enjoyed
it and i hope that you have a productive
[Music]
week
you